Updates to correct for various PR comments (#10)
digital-asset/ex-secure-daml-infra: Documentation/technote-ocsp-cert-revocation.md

a copy of the response with the certificate and can validate without needing to make OCSP calls themselves.
This is still prone to availability concerns although the server can cache the OCSP response for a while.

The next two mechanisms were mainly introduced for browsers and are not directly supported by
the Java JDK.

**OCSP Must-Staple**. OCSP has one failing in that many clients will Soft-Fail, i.e. allow connections
to proceed if they do not receive an OCSP response in time. This leads to a false sense of security as

> clients will not fail open (i.e. aloow client to proceed). OCSP Must-Staple is a new Certificate extension that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clients will not fail (i.e. allow client to proceed). OCSP Must-Staple is a new Certificate extension that the
```
